Game synopsis:
You are hired as an inspector to determine whether a product is "air-tight" or not, providing proof of this by breaking into said product with your Bubble Tool.
Find holes as entry points and then insert air to burst out errant shelling, marring the otherwise smooth surface. If enough material comes off, it can be written as being "insecure"; if only a little falls off, it is considered "secure".
By damaging these products visibly, you will get paid the big bucks, so do a good job and be nice and thorough!

---

Commit 1: I was moving heavy stuff around the house today, but I can't seem to sleep despite how spent I am! I guess I can join a jam anyway. I plan to make it a grid maze, super basic, not challenging, more of a demonstration than a game. You will puff air into sediment and once a crevice is fully-packed with air, it will pop out the errant sediment. Fostering the gauge while navigating turns using a looong bubble seems to be the extent of the gameplay.
Since it would be a grid structure, it's like one of those LeetCode problems, except I don't have to be restricted by array stuff! I get to be like "if pressing left: if left has a wall, nah; else, extend bubble that way and make the gauge reflect the more laborious blowing". Much better.
Right now I want to make the cursor be what you control, and the chipmunk (who is you) follows the cursor to its destination of hopefully a visible crack. For some reason the chipmunk and gauge left style attributes won't update. They share that they update theirs by checking another's, but the console.log() for said other's left (cursor) reflects a legible number. This is a mystery for when I don't have this headache. I'm way out of my regular waking hours. I should be sleepier after heavy lifting, no?
I'll do something or other with my time until sleep strikes.

Commit 3: I have half a day left. I have longer than that but I agreed to play Monster Hunter with my brother tonight so not really. It's a vegan challenge in-game and he needs me there to help capture them Lagombis and spread Frozen Berry propaganda.
I spent a lot of time babysitting and then being sick(?), well I have a lot of congestion and feel hot in the head, anyway. I have an idea for how I want the mechanics to work, I think? The idea is to have each node in a grid check its cardinal surroundings every time you pump air into the master bubble via the Spacebar. Given what I now see is a 10x6 grid, any node which is not sediment needs to check, for potentially up to 240 checks. It will be less than that given that only those with the airhead class need apply, but it feels like a poor approach. Well, they say the best engineering is overengineering, right? I shall start building it with client-side checks and adapt if something becomes unwieldy, hence this commit as a waypoint.
From here I suppose I want to make it so that each time you press spacebar, the status of a given node will update from being 0 when asleep, 1 when sensing a neighboring node at 5, 2 when invaded, then 3 and 4 as seen in the bubble sprites I made, before its directionality is overwritten and it becomes a universal 5. For distinction, it counts down from 8 to 5 on the initial blow. I would like to incorporate the gauge in some way for the sake of this being a GAME... but it will likely end up being some glorified QTE or Stardew fishing.
